Justin Hollmer - Slapjack

// How to play

First, have the dealer deal out the deck evenly to every person playing.
If there are 2 people playing and you have 52 cards in a deck;
  Give 26 cards to each player;
    Else a different number of cards and/or a different number of players take the total number of cards and divide it by the amount of players playing.
Each perosn playing has all of their cards in front of them. (face down so that nobody, no even the player possessing them can see)
The order of the circle (or other polygon) goes counterclockwise. 
If there are only 2 people;
  Just go back and forth.
    Else just go in a counterclockwise order. 
    
With all of the cards facedown the first player, without looking at the card, grabs the first one off the top and slaps it down on the play surface.
With no delay the other player grabs his/her top card and slaps it down on top of the preceding card.
The value of the card does not matter, unless it's a Jack.

If jack appears:
  If you notice:
    If you slap first: 
      You win the cards.
    Else if they slap first:
      They win the cards.
    Else if both slap at the same time:
      The player with their hand on the bottom wins the cards.
    Else if Jack is buried:
      Just keep playing.

If you win the cards:
  Take the Jack along with every card under it.
Else if they win the cards:
  They take the Jack along with every card under it.
  
Add the cards to your pile.
If one player has all of the cards:
  Given player wins.
If one player runs out of cards:
  Given player can slap the next Jack to get back into the game.
If one player is out of cards:
  If player does not slap next Jack:
    Given Player is out of the game and loses.
    
If player slaps card other than Jack:
  Given Player gives one card off the top, face down, to the player who placed the slapped card.
  
If all cards are placed:
  If no Jack has been slapped:
    Dealer takes all placed cards, shuffles them face down, and redeals all currently played cards.
    
The game is over when one player possesses all of the cards.
